docs: add vega-lite-linter package and vizlinter editor to ecosystem page (#7617)
vega/vega-lite: site/ecosystem.md

- [Codimd](https://github.com/hackmdio/codimd), realtime collaborative markdown notes editor with support of various diagram syntaxes including [Vega-Lite](https://hackmd.io/c/codimd-documentation/%2F%40codimd%2Fextra-supported-syntax#Vega-Lite).
- [Ivy](http://ivy-vis.netlify.app/), an Integrated Visualization Editing environment that wraps Vega-Lite (among other declarative visualization grammars) as templates to facilitate reuse, exploration, and opportunistic creation. Includes an in-app reproduction of [Polestar](https://github.com/vega/polestar).
- [Deneb](https://deneb-viz.github.io), a Power BI custom visual with an editor for Vega-Lite or Vega specifications.

> - [VizLinter](https://vizlinter.idvxlab.com/), an online Vega-Lite editor with linting and fixing functions based on vega-lite-linter for Vega-Lite developers to create and validate visualizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [VizLinter](https://vizlinter.idvxlab.com/), an online Vega-Lite editor with linting and fixing functions based on vega-lite-linter.
```

- [Vega.rb](https://github.com/ankane/vega) brings Vega and Vega-Lite to Ruby.
- [Jekyll Diagrams](https://github.com/zhustec/jekyll-diagrams) A Jekyll plugin with support for Vega & Vega-Lite and others diagramming libraries.
- [Liquid Diagrams](https://github.com/zhustec/liquid-diagrams) A Liquid plugin with support for Vega & Vega-Lite and others diagramming libraries.

> - [Vega-Lite-Linter](https://github.com/idvxlab/vega-lite-linter) is a python package to help users detect flaws and rectify already-built but defective visualizations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Vega-Lite-Linter](https://github.com/idvxlab/vega-lite-linter) is a python package to help users detect and fix encoding issues. 
```
